All right.
Welcome back my students so the last lecture we saw that we have a little problem here right we have
this method is causing a problem.
All right cool.
Let's face it.
I have an idea what it is.
So let's go here guys I'm doing some of this stuff I'm actually doing a improvising in.
I'm not I haven't really got really into it.
All right.
This is Schuss.
I decided to walk great this course and I'm doing it and I want to show you what it is to make a mistake
in how to fix it.
All right.
So in the future that might help you a lot more.
And those of you that are my students you know how I do things.
Right.
So you know that I like to do with making mistakes and then fixing them.
All right just to give you that knowledge too.
All right.
So let me just take this Logan controllers and registering all of our controllers out of here let's
clean this up a little bit.
All right.
Don't delete that route's file yet.
All right so we get in these areas for from the controller because this has been deprecated.
All right and it's going to be a long time ago but we still use Day and we're going to be using something
a little bit more and more newer than that newer than that so let's go to
HDTV controllers and let's go to AOD man uses controller.
OK.
All right so you see we're using less right here and you can do a little search in your file command
for control.
Any editor will find it and you can just find this and OK this fits.
I think this function pluck or mentor could do it.
All right let's check it out.
It is for this door not always for the Create.
Let's do the and it.
Let's see it.
There we go.
Because that's the one that we need.
Pluck pluck should do it.
Let's pluck the name ID out of there and let's bring it down.
All right that's what he's saying there.
That's refreshing.
And why law.
All right.
Nice job.
Really nice job.
I'm proud of you create.
Here we go.
So can we all day the user Let's find out.
All right.
Hopefully we don't get some type of errors on thing.
Do we have a RICO Swaby here like we have another lecture's we don't.
Actually we do write here but that's just me.
Probably creating that before.
Let's give them a image.
Let's just say Rico sort of looks like this guy update.
There we go.
So he's working.
All right.
Let's go back here.
Let's try to create a user real quick.
Let's create Do we have a Maria here.
Maria is always in the lectures too.
Yeah she's there.
Let's just create a another one this create a giant super famous.
All right.
John works at coding faculty with us.
Courtney is going to be huge in the future.
Guys you want to be part of it let me know.
We take care of business here.
Joking joking Well we always always want to take care of my students.
All right let's do one two three four active and let's choose a picture for Maria.
Let's make sure we are really pretty.
Well this is my opinion right.
Let's see.
Ooh she looks like a doll to fake.
All right.
There we go.
Nice.
Lovely lovely lovely.
All right we got it going guys.
We got it working all right.
All right so perfect perfect perfect.
And so we've got our users working on your percentage looks like nothing is wrong with it.
And let's jump in to the poll section here to see what areas do we get.
If you want to go ahead and do it yourself and try to fix it because it's basically it's always going
to be the same thing.
All right.
Go ahead and do it.
Take care and I'll see you in the next lecture